hi this is Pam dinner thank you so much
for tuning in to b2b marketing and more
with me this is a place I want to help
you to become a better b2b marketer I
share my template experience and know
how to help you think strategically and
do your job better and hopefully by
doing that you can climb your corporate
ladder faster today I want to answer a
question so a longtime podcast listener
came to me and say hey Pam I noticed
that you change your logo and also you
change the title of your podcast why
well there are a couple reasons why I
make that change
number one is different stages and
different identity and I've been an
independent consultant for about five
years that's actually not a very long
time however my service offering has
expanded dramatically in the past five
years so I started as a Content marketer
with a book global content marketing a
lot of project at agog is really conv
marketing related then I wrote my second
book effective sales enablement which is
really talking about how to enable sales
from a marketers perspective so now I
actually have quite a bit of project
related to sales and marketing alignment
and the Montag evaluation and also in
some cases is b2b marketing career
development advice on top of it I also
have a mentoring service offering so you
can see that that I actually have a
multiple product offering so I feel that
yeah I can keep seven-minute marketing
with Pam but I want to elevate myself a
little bit more and then really talk
about b2b marketing that's more on the
strategic level right in terms of I am
morphing the services I'm providing is
expanding and there are more topics I
want to talk about number two is a
purely for functional reason that's
search optimization granted I own seven
many Marketing with Pam right but nobody
searches seven-minute marketing with Pam
but people do search b2b marketing or
any topics related to b2b marketing so
purely from searches per spec
it's better to change the podcast title
found 7-minute marketing with Pam - b2b
marketing right so that is just purely a
practical reason for search optimization
number three is a YouTube channel I've
been wanting to launching my youtube
channel for about three years however I
have this fear can you tell the longest
time I hate a camera I stuttered and I
still stutter from time to time
but we added that part of it out I kind
of want to push the boundary a little
bit and on to create videos so I can
overcome my fear camera recording at the
same time I feel that the video
recording can help my delivery on the
stage and on top of it I feel I have
quite a bit of knowledge I can share
many people are consuming the video as a
way to learn and I want to see how I can
provide that information using video
format so launching the YouTube channel
is kind of important to me and this is
something I want to do this year and I
can certainly use like 7 min and
marketing with Pam but I want to pick a
title for YouTube channel that people
they immediately know what this channel
is about with that being said this title
change went on for about two or three
months there were a lot of going back
and forth between me and my team and let
me read through some of the titles we
were talking about you're gonna laugh so
the first one we thought about it is the
Pam dinner show and you know that really
worked for I don't know Ellen DeGeneres
because she is super famous before me
it's a b2b marketing and not many people
know who Pam dinner is and the Pam
dinner show really doesn't explain what
this show is about right so it's not
gonna help the audience to gauge and
determine if they want to stick around
the other one is how to become a badass
b2b marketer alright but I'm not sure
about badass I don't know that will
resonate with my peeps who are b2b
marketers and Anala why is b2b marketing
with Pam that's a little bit specific
and I want to talk sometimes from time
to time I want to talk about stuff
that's a
little bit beyond p2b marketing and then
the next wise grow your b2b marketing
knowledge grow knowledge
I think that's gonna put everybody to
sleep and nobody wants to subscribe the
next one is all things b2b marketing
with Pam dinner okay that one was not
bad but it doesn't resonate with me so I
share all these titles with my husband
Mike and then in no time literally I
went through all done I said aha god I
couldn't find a title I really liked and
my husband was like well what about b2b
marketing and more with Pam dinner I was
like that's it that's it I like that a
lot
I can talk about b2b marketing and more
I can talk about something else
I also use that to structure my playlist
right so the first one is b2b marketing
and more podcast and then there's an
allowence a events announcement and more
and then there's another one you know
Pam's book and more if you see my
playlist we play with that and more so
to create that sense of the consistency
so Danny to answer your question that's
why I decided to make a change of my
logo image and also the title like I
said seven-minute marketing with Pam is
good but at the current stage I feel I
need something a little bit different
for my YouTube channel to create the
title that's overarching between the
video and also audio second thing crea
title purely for search optimization
which is the functional reason third is
to reflect Who am I at the current stage
and of course for next several years I
likely will continue to morph I don't
know maybe I will go to a b2c side of
things and then I would change the title
again anyway
so that's it and this is not directly
related to a b2b marketing but I hope
you find the content interesting also a
lot of my thinking behind it applies to
a rebranding as well and also how you
should think about your own podcast your
own YouTube channel sometimes a lot of
people use just the company names and
that's perfectly fine but if you want
something a little bit different is
something worth thinking about and give
some thoughts I hope that again you find
accounting interesting if you do
subscribe below and provide the comments
as you see appropriate if you have any
specific questions reach out to me
anytime I will see you next week thanks
a lot bye